hey youtubers this is go car I found
something cool on my xbox that I'm going
to show you guys but before I play this
video here I just want to say I'm sorry
for having that made very many videos
lately so please keep subscribing
because I promise you've long overdue
reviews will be done and put up on
YouTube shortly anyways on my xbox I
downloaded a trailer for the new Bakugan
video game coming this October called
defenders of the core so um let's check
it out
so there you guys have it why the
picture for it is one versus 100 but
yeah I hope you enjoyed it looks pretty
epic so yeah thanks for watching please
comment rate subscribe new videos coming
soon thanks guys bye